"Every time you open your mouth the only thing that comes out is birth control."
"I can get laid between now and 3 minutes."
"Okay, we're going to 2fort, prepare your anal (ass) cheeks."
"You know how poor suburbs have heroin epidemics, right? Well, my server has a League of Legends epidemic."
"itzs fucking 1:46 what am i doing"
"Fuck you all."
"im in unspeakable pain"
"What if I get lots of pet rats and they started an emo band?"
"Grass Stains by Microwave."
"I am infatuated with Poland."
"I can't stop thinking about pain... I must need caffeine."
"We all know the quotes channel is my way of compensating for a sense of insignificance."
"Discord is like the matrix I put myself in to farm existential dread."
"Skateboarding is some real shit."
"The world ends when I retire from writing songs because I feel okay- whatever that means."
"Oh yeah, I had to run away from the head of math because they saw me trying to steal like an entire fence."
"I bet you like it when people eat their garlic bread with a spoon."
"The Vietnam war is cool and all, but have you ever seen newborn huskies?"
"I almost forgot that everything hurts."
"I'm banned from r/poland."
"British chav girl made fun of my younger sibling. Holy shit I hate British people."
"I look like a marshmallow."
"I am a wifebeater."
"In the USSR we work 24 months a day, 7 times a minute."
"TK you were raised in a McDonald's."
"Well, we're off to the ROBLOX chat. Time to see what the experts think."
"I forgot my own birthday."
"69420 megafarts per gigacrap."
"420k pixels 69fps please lied at supscrike."
"tobleron"
"Shut the fuck up."
"I'm not Jesus, dude, I'm just Polish."
"The only time I practice the dark arts is in your mom."
"I am no longer racist."
"You look like how petrol tastes."
"i sell you whe box for 300 moners"
"Gonna pretend to sir that I don't know the difference between a B flat instrument and always playing in the key of B flat."
"I will yell."
"I only did my hair today to hide the fact that I'm bringing a soviet military ushanka."
"What is there to life besides education and work? Oh wait... There's debt, there's a lot of debt."
"FUCK yeah I'm alive!; For that I should be drinking, damnit!"
"We tend to end up in the same places as heroin needles somehow."
"bdradhahdbrahdbahdbahdbrahdabdhrdbaha"
"I'm going to windex"
"Why the fuck do they keep making these disabled toilets? How are we supposed to use them if they aren't enabled?"
"Did you hear about the guy who ate the clock? Yeah, it was me. I'm going to the psych ward soon."
"Rip and tear. The only two genders."
"I've created something... In someone's heart... Probably regret..."
"Hey guys, who wants to play CS2D jail?... Why do you all fucking hate me?..."
"So basically, my chest feels fine. Though, my stomach hurts... Hm... It must be liver failure."
"Don't let fuck do brave."
